I wanted to spell a myth for you it's
the talent myth
[Music]
it's the belief that some people were
just born with more than others that
some people are naturally gifted in some
aren't and that's just the way the
cookie crumbles and whatever you're
gonna be is essentially determined by
how you started that your DNA is exactly
your destiny I'm here to tell you right
now that's it's just not true
it's not the truth of the way that
humans are designed as a species were
the ultimate adaptation machine but the
very thing that puts us at the top of
the pyramid is our ability to adapt it
is the fact that the brain is plastic
that it responds to change it responds
to stressors it responds to repetition
and repetition is a slave to obsession
as Conor McGregor said there's no talent
here this is hard work this is an
obsession you could be anyone if you put
in the time that's one of the greatest
athletes of our time telling you that
he's not the result of genetics he's not
the result of natural gifts he hasn't
been bestowed something by God he has
shown up day after day in the most
mundane of conditions on the cold days
on the hot days he put in the work
because he was obsessed with what he
could become and that repetition that
you need to actually gain a skill
follows that obsession so in you right
now right now today you want to start
building that obsession you want to look
at it like an ember that can become a
raging fire but it needs your time and
attention it needs your time and
attention you've got to take that
interest you've got to take that spark
of desire and you've got to fan the
flames you've got to turn it into that
obsession and from that obsession if you
put in the work if you do
day in and day out the back-breaking
work pushing through the pain
fighting through feeling like an idiot
fighting through embarrassment getting
up brushing yourself up doing it again
practicing putting yourself at
somebody's feet and asking what could I
have done better not look at the things
you're doing well but look at the things
you're doing wrong look at the things
you're doing poorly staring at your
inadequacies with no loss of pride
because the only thing you value in
yourself is your willingness to do that
your ruling is to work your ass off
and as Sylvester Stallone said I'm not
the richest smartest or most talented
person in the world but I succeed
because I keep going and going and going
and that's the secret there's nothing
more than that
the people that you see that win at the
highest level they were the ones that
didn't give up they're the survivors and
you've got to ask yourself am i a
survivor type am I the type of person
that continues to push through when it
gets hard when it gets boring when I
feel lost when I don't know what I'm
doing when I have no faith in myself
even in that darkest hour can I push
forward can I accept that the human body
will respond to that stress it will
respond to that stimulus but I have to
show up and I have to do the work and so
that's the beautiful thing you're not
gonna separate yourself based on your
genetics you're not gonna separate
yourself based on who your parents were
where you were born
you're gonna separate yourself by
showing up and you don't want to you're
gonna separate yourself by pushing
forward when it hurts
you're gonna separate yourself by always
moving forward even when the forward is
falling on your face so never lose sight
of that it's the person that keeps going
that can't be defeated
you